===============================================================================
PixInsight Standard Edition
PixInsight software and documentation:
Copyright (c) 2003-2019 Pleiades Astrophoto S.L. All Rights Reserved.

===============================================================================

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read this End User License Agreement carefully before using this
software. Use of this software implies that you fully understand and accept the
terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree, do not use this software.

1. Pleiades Astrophoto S.L. grants an End User License to you for PixInsight
version 1.x software, referred to as "Software" hereafter, under the terms and
conditions set forth in this document.

2. Pleiades Astrophoto S.L. expressly states that it is the sole owner of the
Software, for which this End User License is granted. Therefore, any resulting
intellectual property rights that may arise on the Software will belong
exclusively to Pleiades Astrophoto S.L.

3. This End User License comprises the Software and any documentation,
instructions and user manuals accompanying the Software, which will be
considered as part of the Software.

4. This End User License will be strictly personal, non-transferable and
non-exclusive, and does not under any circumstance confer ownership thereof. You
may not rent, lease, lend, redistribute, transfer or sublicense the Software or
its use.

5. You can install and use the Software on any computer that you own. However,
only you, the registered user, have the right to install and use the Software.
You can not share your license with any third parties in any way.

6. You can not share any copies of the Software with any third parties in any
way, including without limitation, any data storage media and information
transfer system.

7. You can not store copies of the Software on any online file distribution
system, or on any system that can work as such, without express prior written
consent from Pleiades Astrophoto S.L. This includes, without limitation, any web
or FTP server, as well as your personal web site, or the web sites of any other
individuals or entities.

8. You are authorized to make one backup copy of the Software for your exclusive
personal use, but your backup copy will be subject to the terms and conditions
stated in this document.

9. Pleiades Astrophoto S.L. undertakes to respect the rights corresponding to
you, and you undertake the following obligations:

* Prevent third parties from using the Software without express prior written
consent from Pleiades Astrophoto S.L.

* You may not modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based upon the
Software.

* You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software.

10. No Warranty. PLEIADES ASTROPHOTO DISTRIBUTES THE SOFTWARE IN THE HOPE THAT
IT WILL BE USEFUL, BUT IT IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

11. No Returns. PLEIADES ASTROPHOTO WILL ACCEPT NO RETURNS ONCE A COPY OF THE
SOFTWARE HAS BEEN DOWNLOADED. PLEIADES ASTROPHOTO PROVIDES SPECIAL TRIAL
LICENSES THAT YOU CAN USE TO EVALUATE THE SOFTWARE PRIOR TO PURCHASE.

12. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL PLEIADES ASTROPHOTO BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER OR NOT PLEIADES
ASTROPHOTO OR A PLEIADES ASTROPHOTO REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS.

13. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed and
interpreted in accordance to Spanish laws. For any conflict arising from this
Agreement, both parties agree to submit themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts and judges of the city of Valencia, Spain, with express
resignation to any other jurisdiction that could be applicable.


YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE TERMS OF THIS END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY SUCH TERMS.

===============================================================================

CONTACT INFORMATION

Pleiades Astrophoto S.L.
Apartado Postal 204
46185 Pobla de Vallbona (Valencia)
Spain
http://www.pixinsight.com/

===============================================================================

Copyright (c) 2003-2019 Pleiades Astrophoto S.L.
